The problem statement is you will be given a post fix
expression and you have to evaluate it.
So what is the post fix expression? The expressions in
which the operators come after operands are called post
fix expressions.
For an example, if they given post fix expression is
8 2 + we need to evaluate it and print the
result.
So for this expression, its corresponding infix expression is
8+2 which is 10
And if the given post fix expression is 1 2 5 * +
we need to evaluate it and it's infix
expression will be 1 + 2 * 5 which
is 11
So your task is to write the logic for this problem and
submit it using the below compiler.
See some sample inputs and corresponding outputs
If the input is 8 2 + the expected output is 10.
If the input is 1 2 5 * +
the expected output is 11
If the input ease 5 2 5 * + 5 /
then the expected output is 3.